flex grow size calculation error (#11353)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_flexible_box_layout/basic_concepts_of_flexbox/index.md

If we gave all of our items in the example above a `flex-grow` value of 1 then the available space in the flex container would be equally shared between our items and they would stretch to fill the container on the main axis.

> The flex-grow property can be used to distribute space in proportion. If we give our first item a `flex-grow` value of 2, and the other items a value of 1 each, 2 parts will be given to the first item (200px out of 500px in the case of the example above), 1 part each the other two (150px each out of the 500px total).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The flex-grow property can be used to distribute space in proportion. If we give our first item a `flex-grow` value of 2, and the other items a value of 1 each, 2 parts will be given to the first item (100px out of 200px in the case of the example above, for a total of 200px), 1 part each the other two (50px each out of the 200px, for 150px total each).
```

Author: @estelle  Hello, thank you for taking the time to review my pull request. Since our total in the example is 500px, the sentence "2 parts will be given to the first item" suggests 2 times the growth factor, which is 2 times 50, which is 100 out of 500px.
